Update installation pages (#1991)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/installation/_index.md

  - /getting-started/linux-install/
---

> To use Viam software with your smart machine, install and run the `viam-server` binary on the single board computer (SBC)or other computer that is connected to your hardware.

Author: ```suggestion
To use Viam software with your smart machine, install and run the `viam-server` binary on the single board computer (SBC) or other computer that is connected to your hardware.
```

> Installing on a computer is useful if you don't have a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="board" text="board" >}} available, or if you want to run a Viam [service](/services/) with your robot that requires more computing resources than are otherwise available on an SBC.

Reviewer: This is confusing because it’s using the word “computer” narrowly and sort of conflating SBC with board

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing on a laptop or desktop computer is useful if you don't have an SBC available, or if you want to run a Viam [service](/services/) with your robot that requires more computing resources than are otherwise available on an SBC.
```

> Installing on a computer is useful if you don't have a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="board" text="board" >}} available, or if you want to run a Viam [service](/services/) with your robot that requires more computing resources than are otherwise available on an SBC.

Reviewer 2: Nice, love this update!

Other SBCs such as the [RockPi S](https://wiki.radxa.com/RockpiS) and [Orange Pi Zero 2](https://orangepi.com/index.php?route=product/product&path=237&product_id=849) can run Viam with an experimental [periph.io](https://periph.io/) based [modular component](https://github.com/viam-labs/periph_board).

## Install `viam-server`

> Once you have a compatible operating system, follow along with the steps outlined below or with the video beneath it to install `viam-server`:

Reviewer: Seems like the connection between setup and a compatible OS is not made explicitly clear. Why not keep the info about checking what OS you have in here and maybe include some words about OS in the step above?

Author: The info about checking the system is still present in the include - I'll amend this slightly

> Once you have a compatible operating system, follow along with the steps outlined below or with the video beneath it to install `viam-server`:

Author: ```suggestion
If you have a [compatible operating system](/installation/), follow along with the steps outlined below or with the video beneath it to install `viam-server`:
```
